
# coding exercise

This application is deployed using docker containter and digitalocean for hosting.
  
  - I created a angular app and you can access it here http://128.199.187.76:8081
  - and here is the link of its github repo if you want to see the frontend codes.
    https://github.com/lukaidev/angular-spring-security-crud-demo 
  - also you can access it via swagger here at http://165.22.58.190:8086/swagger-ui.html
  - and also you can use mysql workbench to access the database.
    - hostname: 165.22.58.190:3308
    - username: root
    - password: 123456

Requirements:

1) Identify two entities with a Parent-Child relationship. 
    - For this I created a entity Menu and MenuItem under pachage com.example.entity.model with a parent-child relationship.
  
2) Develop a web application that will demonstrate the CRUD (CREATE, READ, UPDATE, DELETE) operations on both parent and child entities.
    - Please go to http://165.22.58.190:8086/swagger-ui.html to test the crud functionality.
    - Also please see the actual codes for the flow of the app.
    
3) You can choose any language and frameworks for this exercise. Then deploy the application on any platform that will be accessible via internet. Please forward to us the URL to the application once you're done.
    - I have used java springboot, mysql and digitalocean for hosting for this exercise.
    
4) Provide a short write up on what you did and what were your considerations for the exercise.
    - Because this application will be deployed via web hosting and the apis will be consumed by a frontend I decided to use:
      - Spring security for authentication.
      - Docker for simplicity and faster configurations.
      - DigitalOcean for Docker ready droplet.
      - Mysql for database.
      - Swagger for api documentations.
       
How to use:

For Angular app

1) Goto http://128.199.187.76:8081 and enter the default credentials generated by the app.
    - ADMIN ROLE: { "password": "admin", "username": "admin" }
    - USER ROLE: { "password": "user", "username": "user" }

For Swagger

1) First in swagger under auth group enter the default credentials generated by the app.
    - ADMIN ROLE: { "password": "admin", "username": "admin" }
    - USER ROLE: { "password": "user", "username": "user" }
    
2) Grab the token generated upon login to use for accessing the apis.
    - Grab token generated in the response and add "Bearer " at the beginning of the token.
    - Also you can grab the "authorization" at header response section for the bearer token.
    
3) Use the token for the Authorization parameter of each api under the swagger main group.


      
      
